<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_create_footnote">
    <title>Add a footnote</title>

    <shortdesc>Footnotes are used to provide further details on text. For print publications they will appear at the bottom of the current page, for web output they will appear at the bottom of the current topic.</shortdesc>

    <taskbody>
        <context>Footnotes should not be used to heavily as they can be distracting for the reader. Seriously consider if adding one is really needed. There are two main uses for footnotes: to provide extra detail that would be too much for the main text or that is not directly related to the main text; to provide information on sources for the subject. Generally, it is best not to place footnotes in the middle of a sentence. Add your footnote after a punctuation mark.</context>

        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place you caret where you would like the footnote to be.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Insert Footnote</uicontrol> toolbar buttons.</cmd>
                <stepresult><p>A superscripted number will appear where your caret was. As well, the same number will appear in the footnotes section at the very bottom of the topic. It is here, at the bottom, that you type the text for the footnote.</p>
                            <note type="tip">You can easily move from the footnote insertion point to the text of the footnote below by clicking on the superscript. You can move back by clicking on the upwards arrowhead to the left of the footnote number.</note>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add some text for your footnote at the bottom of the topic.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
