<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_uwd_41m_xt">
    <title>Add a new part</title>
    <shortdesc>Your topic consists of parts that you assemble to create your entire topic. You can
        see your parts, both the ones you have and the ones you may need, in your
            <uicontrol>Guidance</uicontrol> panel. You can add as many parts as you need for your
        content. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>You add parts to the authoring pane by selecting the parts offered by the guidance
                panel that have not yet been used. You cannot add parts to the guidance panel.</p>
            <p>The parts that are available differ depending on which topic type you are writing
                with. The following instructions are specific to a task topic, but the general idea
                is the same for all topic types.</p>
            <p>In this task, we are going to add a <uicontrol>BEFORE YOU BEGIN</uicontrol> part to a
                task topic.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step id="step_cyh_4bm_xt">
                <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Guidance</uicontrol> panel, select <uicontrol>BEFORE YOU
                        BEGIN</uicontrol>. </cmd>
                <info><note>There is hover help for each part in the <uicontrol>Guidance</uicontrol>
                        panel. If you are not sure which part to add, hover over the ?.</note>If you do
                    not already have a <uicontrol>BEFORE YOU BEGIN</uicontrol> part in your topic,
                        <uicontrol>BEFORE YOU BEGIN</uicontrol> is listed with a plus. You can only
                    add one of these parts.</info>
                <stepresult>The new part with some hint text is added to your topic. That part in
                        <uicontrol>Guidance</uicontrol> panel now has a check mark.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step id="step_ejj_wbm_xt">
                <cmd>In the authoring area, write content in the new part that you added.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
