<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_xhk_fxr_yt">
    <title>Control line breaks</title>
    <shortdesc>Fixed font functionality preserves line breaks for content like code samples, where
        the line breaks must be very specific.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Line breaks can be any of five types:<dl>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Preformatted</dt>
                        <dd>A generic tag for any content that needs preserved line breaks. Do not
                            use if another tag describes the content better. Also changes the font
                            to mono space.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Code block</dt>
                        <dd>Used for lines of program code, such as C++. </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Screen console</dt>
                        <dd>When you want to show exactly what a screen displays without creating a
                            graphic of it. Instead, you can use text and force the lines to break
                            where they do on the scene you are re-creating.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Message block</dt>
                        <dd>For displaying any multi-lined messages in text.  </dd>
                    </dlentry>
                    <dlentry>
                        <dt>Preserve line breaks</dt>
                        <dd>A generic tag for any content that needs preserved line breaks. Do not
                            use if another tag describes the content better. Does not change the
                            font.</dd>
                    </dlentry>
                </dl></p>
            <p>Always choose the type that most closely applies to the content in the fixed font
                box.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place your cursor on an empty line, at the beginning of where you will place
                    your fixed font content.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_sj3_pyr_yt">
                <cmd>From the toolbar, select <uicontrol>Fixed Font</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <stepresult>A fixed font box displays.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step id="step_gjr_xyr_yt">
                <cmd>Select the FF at the top of the fixed font box. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_f2l_zyr_yt">
                <cmd>Choose the fixed font option that applies to your type of content.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step id="step_alp_syr_yt">
                <cmd>Add your fixed font content to the box.</cmd>
                <stepresult>Your line breaks are preserved.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step id="step_tmz_tyr_yt">
                <cmd>Exit out of the fixed font box by entering <tt>Enter</tt> on the last blank
                    line.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
