<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_f5j_bdv_js">
    <title>Write the perfect topic</title>
    <shortdesc>The perfect topic is short, concise, and takes twice as long to write as a
        traditional piece of content.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>A topic, even though it's short, takes more effort to write than traditional content.
                You are doing extra activities, such as focusing on your reader's goal and adhering
                to the topic types; those activities enhance the topic but take longer to complete.
                A shorter topic is a better topic but it's not a faster topic.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Identify the goal of the topic.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create the topic type that matches the purpose of the content.</cmd>
                <info>Use concepts for explanations; use tasks for procedures and process; use
                    reference for facts and technical details.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Write the content, letting the sections guide you.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the topic is not too long and does not stray away from your initial
                    goals.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Write a clear heading that accurately identifies the subject matter for this topic.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Write an introduction that sums up the topic's focus.</cmd>
                <info>It should enhance but not duplicate the heading.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Edit the content, removing all the extra content that is not absolutely
                    required in this topic.</cmd>
                <info>If it is still useful, save it for another topic.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check to make sure you have used the right presentation objects for your
                    content.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_c2x_qnn_ls">
                        <li>Tables are easily scanned.</li>
                        <li>Lists can group and clarify.</li>
                        <li>Steps are easy to follow.</li>
                        <li>Paragraphs and graphics can be used to explain complex subjects.</li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Edit one more time. </cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_xfd_pgv_js">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Check to make sure you only have one type of information in your
                            topic.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure the content is organized and clear.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure you have used the sections appropriately.</cmd>
                        <stepxmp>When something occurs as a result of the step, use the step
                            result.</stepxmp>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
