<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_ofp_y44_js">
 <title>References</title>
 <shortdesc>A reference topic provides technical information in a quick look-up format. Reference
    topics are not lists of other resources.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Who and why</title>
   <p>Your readers often need access to highly technical information that is extraneous or in
        addition to a task but is nonetheless vital to their use of the product. These are often
        advanced users who don't need an explanation of how things work or what to do, they just
        need to get to the essential technical information that lets them keep using your
        product.</p>
   <p>Your organization of these facts in reference topics is vital to the usability of these
        topics. Tables or lists are a good way to present reference information to the readers,
        organized in a logical manner that allows the reader to look up information as quickly as
        possible. The organizational technique you use (categorization, alphabetization, etc.) is
        going to depend on the subject matter and the way the reader will need to access the
        information.</p>
   <p>The idea here is that the reader needs quick access to details. They will never read the
        topic; instead, they will parse it for the information they need. By putting these facts in
        a reference topic, separated from related information in concepts (explaining what) and
        tasks (explaining how), readers can go right to the very specific details they need without
        having to read related information.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Examples of references</title>
   <p>Some examples of references include:<ul id="ul_txb_3p4_js">
     <li>A table of system requirements, categorized by hardware, then software</li>
     <li>An alphabetized list of commands and options, with syntax and usage</li>
     <li>A table of parts and their specific sizes, weights, and other descriptors, organized by
      ascending part number</li>
          <li>A long code sample</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Keeping things referential</title>
   <p>Reference topics support tasks by putting the detailed lists, options, and commands out of
        tasks and in their own topics. Often, a reference topic is published near a task so that a
        reader has direct and quick access to the technical information they may need to refer to
        without making a task too long and onerous. Long tables and lists are good indicators of
        reference-type information.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
