<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_cz3_hyq_ks">
    <title>Use sections appropriately</title>
    <shortdesc>Put the right kind of information in each section.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>One of the advantages of using AuthorBridge over a word processing tool like
                Microsoft Word is that you are using sections to indicate the type of content
                included therein. This is called semantic markup. </p>
            <p>Semantic markup gives the content incredible versatility, especially during the
                publishing process. Conversely, content that is in the wrong section (a section that
                doesn't match the actual content) can often become a problem during publishing.</p>
            <p>For example, you put things that a user needs to do before they begin a task in a
                section called <i>Before you begin</i> rather than any other section. Inversely, you
                would never put any other kind of information in the <i>Before you begin</i>
                section, even if it looks like a good location for it.</p>
            <p>Your publishing process might automatically add the word <i>Prerequisite</i> before
                the text of any <i>Before you begin</i> section. If you have content that is
                    <i>not</i> a prerequisite in <i>Before you begin</i>, then the result confuses
                readers.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>As you write your topics, use the hover help for how to use the different
                    sections.</cmd>
                <info>The topic types themselves define the available sections to some degree. For
                    example, you can only put steps in a task topic because that's where all
                    procedural information should go.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Review your content for appropriate section use.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_tsl_w1r_ks">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Where the content doesn't match the purpose of the section, move it to
                            an appropriate section.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Use the functionality on the left to add and remove sections.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Get a peer review.</cmd>
                <info>Often another writer can quickly see if you have put information in the wrong
                    section.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Update the content and sections, as needed.</cmd>
                <info>In some instances, you re-write content to fit the section you are using; more
                    often, you should create the type of section you need and move the content into
                    it.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
