<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_rvr_ql4_js">
 <title>Tasks</title>
 <shortdesc>Tasks should form the core of your documentation.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Why and who</title>
   <p>A task is any explanation of how to do something with the product. In most documentation,
        tasks form the core of the documentation because they tell readers how to do something
        specific with the product. All other topics support the tasks by explaining the underlying
        ideas or providing additional information that is necessary to understanding what is in the
        tasks themselves.</p>
   <p>One of the primary reasons readers access the documentation is because they need help doing
    something with your product. If you write clear, step-by-step tasks that tell them exactly how
    to do the thing they want to do, your documentation becomes immensely useful and valuable. </p>
  </section>
  <example>
   <title>Examples of tasks (procedures)</title>
   <p>Some examples of tasks include:<ul id="ul_gx2_hm4_js">
     <li>Setting up a profile</li>
     <li>Logging in</li>
     <li>Customizing the product</li>
     <li>Generating reports</li>
     <li>Assembling something</li>
    </ul></p>
  </example>
  <section>
   <title>Keeping it procedural</title>
   <p>There are two rules of thumb to follow to keeping tasks focused on <i>how to</i>
     information:<ul id="ul_wtq_1n4_js">
     <li>If you are telling the reader how to do something, that information must be in a task (and
      nowhere else).</li>
     <li>A task should include the steps the reader should follow and just enough extra information
            to be able to perform those steps; anything additional should go in the supporting
            concepts or reference topics.  </li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Processes</title>
   <p>A secondary use of task topics is to explain a process, which is a description of how
        something occurs. A process has steps too, but these are not steps that the reader
        necessarily performs (although they may perform some of them). The actor, or the person who
        performs the step, tends to change in a process.</p>
  </section>
  <example>
   <title>Examples of processes</title>
   <p>Some examples of processes include:<ul id="ul_c1p_ln4_js">
     <li>How ticket submission works</li>
     <li>How an eyeball sees light</li>
     <li>How a company hires new employees</li>
     <li>How service delivery occurs</li>
    </ul></p>
  </example>
 </conbody>
</concept>
