<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_tlv_jzk_3s">
 <title>Introduction to topics</title>
 <shortdesc>Each topic answers the reader's question: what do I need to know?</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>What is a topic?</title>
   <p>A topic is a short chunk of content that focuses on a specific purpose. For example, each of
    these subjects would be a separate topic:<ul id="ul_rs5_21l_3s">
     <li>Product X overview</li>
     <li>Product X system requirements</li>
     <li>Customize Product X</li>
     <li>Restart Product X </li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>A topic has a heading and some content. The content is up to you: subheadings, paragraphs,
    lists, steps, tables, graphics. Use the objects that convey the information the topic focuses
    on in the way that's most helpful for your readers. </p>
   <p>Separating content into topics accomplishes several very important goals, both for the author
    and for the reader. By splitting content into separate topics, you keep the content short,
    concise, and focused.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Why write topics?</title>
   <p>Topics have many benefits for both the authors and the readers. The two big benefits are:<ul
     id="ul_fft_5zk_3s">
     <li>Topics make it easier for readers to find and use the information they need because they
      don't need to read long chapters of paragraphs.</li>
     <li>Topics are easier to write than chapters because they are short, focused chunks.</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>One topic per file</title>
   <p>Each and every topic should be in its own separate file. This is because the underlying
    architecture allows advanced technical writers to <ul id="ul_qyh_w3l_3s">
     <li>assemble all the topics like building blocks to create complete documentation, and</li>
     <li>reuse topics wherever needed in other pieces of documentation.</li>
    </ul></p>
   <p>To the reader, the document isn't chopped up; to them, it is a seamless document, with usable
    sections of content, each with its own title.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
