<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_kws_x4l_3s">
 <title>Topic types</title>
 <shortdesc>There are three main topic types: reference, concept, and task.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Why readers access documentation</title>
   <p>Readers access the documentation for very specific purposes.<ul id="ul_kyj_zql_3s">
     <li>To understand what something is, what it contains, or how it works.</li>
     <li>To learn how to do something.</li>
     <li>To look up detailed information quickly, such as measurements, requirements, or
      commands.</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Topic types</title>
   <p>To align with these purposes, there are three information types that guide you to provide the
    right kind of information for the reader.</p>
   <ul id="ul_zy5_wrl_3s">
    <li>Concept: Paragraphs, lists, graphics, and subheadings that let you explain and show.</li>
    <li>Task: Steps that let you explain how to do something or explain how a process occurs.</li>
    <li>Reference: Tables, lists, and graphics that help you display detailed information in a quick
     look-up format.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>How to pick the right topic type</title>
   <p>When you are writing topics, consider your subject matter and then consider why your readers
    would be accessing that particular information. <table frame="all" id="table_osy_jql_3s">
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="2.17*"/>
      <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>The goal of your topic</entry>
        <entry>Topic type</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry>To explain what something is or what something contains.</entry>
        <entry>Concept</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>To tell the reader how to do something or explain how a process occurs.</entry>
        <entry>Task</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>To provide detailed, quick look-up information.</entry>
        <entry>Reference</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table></p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Generic topics</title>
   <p>There is a generic topic type called <i>topic</i> that you can use if your content does not
    easily fit the model for any of the other three topic types. A generic topic should still adhere
    to the guideline for topic length.</p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
