<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_jfn_ww5_js">
 <title>What not to do</title>
 <shortdesc>Writing topics is not the traditional way of creating content, so knowing what not to do
  is often just as helpful as knowing what you should be doing.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Guidelines for writing topics</title>
   <p>
    <table frame="all" id="table_ksw_2x5_js">
     <tgroup cols="2">
      <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
      <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.61*"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>Avoid</entry>
        <entry>Best practices</entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry>Different kinds of information mixed together in one topic</entry>
        <entry>Explanations belong in concepts, quick look-up details in references, and procedures
         and processes in tasks. </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Long topics</entry>
        <entry>Topics are short and focused. If you are writing short topics, you end up with lots
         of them, which is great. The rule is roughly a half page of content per topic.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Lots of cross references</entry>
        <entry>Cross references create dependencies between files and really annoy readers who are
         often faced with the dreaded M&#246;bius loop of links. If you have more than two
         cross-references in a single topic, you have too many.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Focusing on product functionality</entry>
        <entry>When you document the product's functionality (such as <i>Use the Print Feature</i>),
         you are documenting what the product does instead of what the reader does with the product.
         Instead, the user's business goal is a much more usable focus: <i>Create a PDF</i>, <i>Send
          a file for review</i>, <i>Print a hard copy</i>, <i>Create black and white copies</i>, or
          <i>Change printer cartridges</i>. </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Procedural information in paragraph form</entry>
        <entry>When instructing the reader, each action must be separated into its own step. That
         way, each step is numbered individually for you; readers can then quickly identify that a
         procedure exists and follow it easily.</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Putting content just anywhere</entry>
        <entry>The interface guides you to put the right content in the right sections. You are
         using semantic markup in these topics to identify what kind of content exists. The better
         you match the kind of content to the right section for that content, the better your
         semantic markup. </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry>Worrying about formatting</entry>
        <entry>Formatting is an entirely separate process in the workflow. What you see on the
         screen may not be exactly how it will be published. You can't control font types, colors,
         pagination,  title pages, or margins; all of that is managed centrally based on your
         markup. If you have the structures that make your content clear, such as lists, tables,
         headings, graphics, steps, then you have all the format you need.</entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table>
   </p>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
