<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_k1w_p1k_ks">
    <title>Write great tasks</title>
    <shortdesc>The best documentation focuses on goal-oriented tasks. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The primary reason a reader accesses documentation is to get help figuring out how to
                use the product. The reader has a problem with the product, they spend a minute or
                two trying to figure it out on their own, and then they try the documentation. If
                the documentation provides answers, then it is useful and usable. The key is to
                identify how your readers use your product so you can anticipate the help they
                need.</p>
        </context>
        <steps id="steps_nkt_q1k_ks">
            <step>
                <cmd>Gather as much information about the product users as you can.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Considering product functionality, make a list of related business goals the
                    reader might perform.</cmd>
                <stepxmp>For example, if the product functionality is creating reports, then
                    business goals could include:<ul id="ul_dy5_5nj_ks">
                        <li>Create line-of-business reports</li>
                        <li>Aggregate information in one report</li>
                        <li>Export reports to Excel</li>
                        <li>Create end-of-week reports</li>
                        <li>Create automatic, nightly reports</li>
                    </ul><p>Your business goal can and often does involve two or more pieces of
                        product functionality working together. </p></stepxmp>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify with the development team and other key stakeholders that the business
                    goals are valid and likely.</cmd>
                <info>This opens up a discussion that not only lets you refine your ideas but helps
                    you identify even more business goals.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Prioritize the business goals by how likely they are and how difficult they are
                    to perform.</cmd>
                <stepresult>This gives you a list of business goals, organized by importance and
                    usefulness. The topics at the top of this list are the ones you should
                    definitely write.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Following your prioritized list, write a task that walks the reader through
                    exactly how to do accomplish that business goal.</cmd>
                <info>Make sure a topic remains focused on that one business goal. Don't try to
                    write for multiple goals at once.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create supporting concept and reference topics for information that is not
                    procedural but is related to the task.</cmd>
                <info>For example, if an interface page has a series of options, put those options
                    and their brief descriptions in a reference topic. If they need longer
                    descriptions and explanations, write a concept that includes those as
                    well.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
